Hello Friends,
My name is Dominik Stipić, 
I come from Croatia and I'm former big data software engineer from European Central Bank. 
Now, I'm founder of Iran Standard the service designed to empower individuals to lead, learn and monetize their healthy lifestyle habits. Iron standard is a personal digital healthcare identity which facilitates healthy lifestyle and better networking opportunities for experts and professionals. It facilitates seamless and easier connectivity with their clients and among each other. Also, it enables professionals and ordinary people supporting and nourishing environment for their health and fitness ambitions. Iron standard reduces life's friction and enables them faster and smarter way to reach their health and fitness goals, to maintain their fitness level and promote healthy aging. 
So, here is a thing, modern lifestyle and culture promotes only sedentary, alianeted, empty and consumeric lifestyle. Individuals who are taking care of themselves aren't awarded for their efforts and abilities. Here is a big picture fact for you. World Health Organization estimates that currently we have ~16% of adults with obesity in the World and this figure has increased by ~10% in the period between 1990 and 2022. In USA 42% of people suffers from obesity, in Germany 20% and in Croatia 30%. If we take into account other factors such as alcohol consumption, tobacco, drugs, junk food and other unhealthy factors figures are far worse. In parallel we are constantly hearing stories about economical and technological developments. As far as we can see we are heading to the Wall-E like world.
Iron Standard wants to add small contribution and help in solving this problem by creating a healthcare digital identity controlled by individuals, connected with fitness, well-being and healthcare centers. How we will achieve this, we are introducing brand new features like scheduling, introduction of coaching market, game economy, easier communication and data exchange between members, advanced search capabilites, monetization opportunities and much more. We are using latest technologies, methodologies and developments in the field of artificial intelligence in oder to summarize, predict and make our product more user-friendly and frictionless. 
In conclusion, What would we really like to see is that our product supports and promotes healthier, stress-free and more resilient lives and fosters the gathering of likely minded individuals into communities. So in order that we achieve this, we will need a little bit of energy in order to create a new, usefull and very exicting product and project. That is all, see you next time!  

Resources
https://data.who.int/indicators/i/C6262EC/BEFA58B
https://data.who.int/indicators
https://data.who.int/indicators/i/C668579/45CA7C8
https://data.who.int/countries
